the casting game on this movie is pretty
stellar and we keep doing these little
nuggety scenes with incredible actors
ah well the sahara desert just showed up
in san dimas mother
queen elizabeth is looking right at it
oh the best time on set i'm in a movie
that is
asking everybody to be at their most
creative
this has been a dream this has been so
fun it's been really wonderful and the
rest of the cast is just so cool
i think everyone brings a really lovely
energy to it
i love the new faces this infusion of
new energy
we go get a bunch of musicians they're
trying to help their fathers
with their quest we got some mozart we
got some lindelof
got grom kid cuddy
can someone please tell me what the hell
is happening everybody that they've cast
is
absolutely dreamy you know i like that
enough of the core is still there
it's been kind of like a really good
reunion it's great to be around
alex and fianna is like really fun i'll
be doing scenes every once in a while
and i'll just be like
oh my god so it's just unreal to just
see them
it's like a dream come true it seems
like you should just be able to unleash
them
[Music]
what
you